Staking FAQ reorg (#3663)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-staking-faq.md

# Staking FAQ

> :::info Support pages
> 
> For a "how-to" staking guide please visit [this](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000168057-how-do-i-stake-nominate-on-polkadot-) support page.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info 

For the "how-to" guide on Staking, please visit [this support page.](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000168057-how-do-i-stake-nominate-on-polkadot-).

:::
```

## When do I get slashed?

Slashing will happen if a validator misbehaves in the network (e.g. goes offline, attacks the network, or runs
modified software). They and their nominators will get slashed by losing a percentage
of their staked tokens. By choosing to
[nominate reliable validators](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000169507-the-role-responsibilities-of-a-polkadot-nominator),
you can minimize the risk of slashing and earn rewards for securing the network. Learn more about
slashing [here](learn-staking.md#slashing).

## Why am I not receiving staking rewards?

If you do not see staking rewards on your account, it could be due to any of the below reasons.

### Delayed staking reward payout

The [staking reward distribution](learn-simple-payouts) is not automatic and needs to be triggered
through a transaction. Typically, it is the validators who trigger the staking reward payout

> transaction, but for some reason if they do not, you can claim the rewards on your own, and all the other nominators.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transaction, but for some reason if they do not, you can claim the rewards on your own, 
which triggers payout for all the nominators of that specific validator.

```

### Nominated an oversubscribed validator

Only the top 256 nominators of a Validator receive the staking rewards. If your nomination is
applied to an oversubscribed validator and the size of your stake does not put you in the top 256, you will not

> earn rewards. On a regular basis, ensure that the validators you chose are not oversubscribed or that your stake is bigger than the stake of the last nominator.

Reviewer: "or that your stake is bigger than the stake of the last nominator." - do you mean that the stake should be bigger than the min-active nomination threshold? It may be better to leave this one out as we have a sub-section for it.

Author: Changed as requested.
